Okay. Now that we've got our entire environment set up,
the build server is running,
we know we can configure a whole working app.
Let's go ahead and break into docker itself.
Look what the docker file looks like,
and actually run these docker containers and build them locally.
So let's go ahead and get into the shell, and get started.
So let's look at a project here that it has a bunch of different interesting items,
and inside of here we have a docker file.
So let's go ahead and look at what this docker file looks like locally here.
So in order to design your docker file,
typically, you'll inherit from a base image.
In this case, I'm going to inherit from Python 3.7.3-stretch.
So this is an Bhutto version of
a Docker base image and it has Python itself installed in it.
So it's really a a very streamlined container that has almost nothing in it,
other than Python, and a little bit of the Bhutto operating system.
Next, I can go through and execute different directives in docker.
So in this case, I tell it I want to set up a working directory that's called Slash app,
and then I have a Flash gap that I actually copy locally into this working directory,
so I copy it from my source code directory into this docker container.
Then finally, what happens is I go through and I install Python locally,
actually upgrade pip locally here,
and actually use the requirements file that are in my source code directory.
So basically, there's really two main things that are happening.
First, I go through and I take my source code and put it into this docker container.
Then next, I go through and I upgrade
this particular container with all the third-party libraries.
So it's basically ready to go as a application and
also ready to go as a container which can run that application.
So let's go ahead and run this.
So in order to do that,
what I'm going to do is I'm going to go through
here and look at a run script that I've created.
So I'm going to go ahead and cut that, run docker,
and you can see the first step is,
I'm going to actually build this image locally.
So I'm going to call this tag demolocal.
So let's go ahead and run that.
So what happens here, is it goes through does all the steps are locally
that are needed to package this app and create a local docker container.
Later, if I want to upload that somewhere to,
let's say Amazon ECR,
or if I want to load that into another container registry like Docker Hub itself,
I would be able to do that because I built it locally.
Now that it's run a built locally,
let's go back again and look at our build script here.
The next step is, I'm going to verify,
I'm going to do this docker image LS,
I'm going to make sure that I can actually see that in my local built containers.
Here we go. If I sort down here,
we can see that demolocal was created 20 seconds ago, great.
So now, I have access to that built container in my local operating system.
Let's look at the final step.
If we look at the final step,
what I'm going to do is I'm going to run docker run-IT, demolocal.
So that's the name of the container I built,
and then I'm going to run the bash shell.
So this is incredibly powerful step that allows me to have
a completely isolated environment to test things out,
including the source code,
and the third-party packages that I've installed.
Let's go ahead and run that command.
Here we go. So I go here.
Great. Now, you can see that I'm in my local environment if I do you name,
you can see that it's not actually the Mac operating system anymore.
This is running Linux.
So we know what is inside that container.
Then if I run Python,
you can see there's a Python 3.7.3 here.
I can actually verify that it installed one of these packages.
So if I say import pandas as pd,
this should work. There we go.
So now, I know that my environment is working exactly the way I'd expect it to work,
and I can go through, and I can test my application locally.
This is really the power of building and running docker containers locally.